.TH LOGMERGE 1 "4 July 2006" Tardis "Logmerge manual"
.SH NAME
logmerge \- merge dated log files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B logmerge
.RB [ \-\-no\-update ]
.RB [ \-\-offsets
.IR file ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Merge several log files together line by line, keeping the lines in
chronological order.  Merging starts from the last positions read so that
no duplicate output is produced.  Information about the log files is stored
in the
.I offsets
file, which can be produced by the
.B mkoffsets
(1) program.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP \-\-no\-update
Do not update the
.I offsets
file with the last position read from each log file.  The next time the program
is run all of the output will be repeated.  This is useful for testing.
.IP "\-\-offsets file"
Use the given file name rather than the default of
.I offsets
\.
.SH LIMITATIONS
To cope with log rotation, the files inode number (its raw identity in the
file system) is used to find the last read position in the correct file.
For example, if the log file is called syslog, and its inode number has changed,
then syslog.0 and syslog.1 are checked.
.PP
Strange file systems may not preserve inode numbers, which will cause the
entire log file to be output whenever each time.
.PP
The log files are assumed to be in chronological order.  If they are not
then all the lines will still be output, but not necessarily in the correct
order.  Year rollovers may not yet be handled correctly.
.SH AUTHORS
Brian Campbell (bacam@tardis.ed.ac.uk).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mkoffsets (1),
.BR piperlog (1)
